Fix read from multiple s3 regions (#1453)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/configuration.md

| s3.signer            | bearer                     | Configure the signature version of the FileIO.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| s3.signer.uri        | <http://my.signer:8080/s3> | Configure the remote signing uri if it differs from the catalog uri. Remote signing is only implemented for `FsspecFileIO`. The final request is sent to `<s3.signer.uri>/<s3.signer.endpoint>`.                                                                        |
| s3.signer.endpoint   | v1/main/s3-sign            | Configure the remote signing endpoint. Remote signing is only implemented for `FsspecFileIO`. The final request is sent to `<s3.signer.uri>/<s3.signer.endpoint>`. (default : v1/aws/s3/sign).                                                                          |

> | s3.region            | us-west-2                  | Configure the default region used to initialize an S3FileSystem. This setting will be overwritten if the bucket actually used resolves to a different region.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| s3.region            | us-west-2                  | Configure the default region used to initialize an `S3FileSystem`. `PyArrowFileIO` attempts to automatically resolve the region for each S3 bucket, falling back to this value if resolution fails.                                                                                                           |
```
